example/diff.md, before:


### CanonicalTournamentParametersProvider

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 400918 | 152823 | -248095 (-61.9%) |
| Deployment size | 1652 | 486 | -1166 (-70.6%) |
| tournamentParameters min | 5817 | 1037 | -4780 (-82.2%) |
| tournamentParameters mean | 5817 | 1037 | -4780 (-82.2%) |
| tournamentParameters median | 5817 | 1037 | -4780 (-82.2%) |
| tournamentParameters max | 5817 | 1037 | -4780 (-82.2%) |

### CartesiStateTransition

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 1095214 | 424627 | -670587 (-61.2%) |
| Deployment size | 5286 | 1944 | -3342 (-63.2%) |
| transitionState mean | 10015 | 3374 | -6641 (-66.3%) |
| transitionState median | 9702 | 3199 | -6503 (-67.0%) |
| transitionState max | 14041 | 4683 | -9358 (-66.6%) |

### CmioStateTransition

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 2008459 | 778802 | -1229657 (-61.2%) |
| Deployment size | 9093 | 3383 | -5710 (-62.8%) |

### RiscVStateTransition

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 5020057 | 2370862 | -2649195 (-52.8%) |
| Deployment size | 23018 | 10749 | -12269 (-53.3%) |

### BottomTournament

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment size | 19433 | 8671 | -10762 (-55.4%) |
| advanceMatch min | 88192 | 65145 | -23047 (-26.1%) |
| advanceMatch mean | 90503 | 67138 | -23365 (-25.8%) |
| advanceMatch median | 88936 | 65889 | -23047 (-25.9%) |
| advanceMatch max | 110187 | 86186 | -24001 (-21.8%) |
| getMatch min | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch mean | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch median | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch max | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatchCycle min | 4657 | 1620 | -3037 (-65.2%) |
| getMatchCycle mean | 4657 | 1620 | -3037 (-65.2%) |
| getMatchCycle median | 4657 | 1620 | -3037 (-65.2%) |
| getMatchCycle max | 4657 | 1620 | -3037 (-65.2%) |
| joinTournament min | 141941 | 115290 | -26651 (-18.8%) |
| joinTournament mean | 200794 | 166457 | -34337 (-17.1%) |
| joinTournament median | 200790 | 166453 | -34337 (-17.1%) |
| joinTournament max | 259651 | 217628 | -42023 (-16.2%) |
| sealLeafMatch min | 99516 | 72085 | -27431 (-27.6%) |
| sealLeafMatch mean | 115163 | 76035 | -39128 (-34.0%) |
| sealLeafMatch median | 99516 | 72085 | -27431 (-27.6%) |
| sealLeafMatch max | 146458 | 83935 | -62523 (-42.7%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants min | 969 | 447 | -522 (-53.9%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants mean | 969 | 447 | -522 (-53.9%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants median | 969 | 447 | -522 (-53.9%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants max | 969 | 447 | -522 (-53.9%) |
| winLeafMatch min | 61788 | 45167 | -16621 (-26.9%) |
| winLeafMatch mean | 83882 | 64337 | -19545 (-23.3%) |
| winLeafMatch median | 93344 | 72680 | -20664 (-22.1%) |
| winLeafMatch max | 96514 | 75164 | -21350 (-22.1%) |

### MiddleTournament

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment size | 20728 | 9366 | -11362 (-54.8%) |
| advanceMatch min | 88180 | 65133 | -23047 (-26.1%) |
| advanceMatch mean | 90614 | 67249 | -23365 (-25.8%) |
| advanceMatch median | 88924 | 65877 | -23047 (-25.9%) |
| advanceMatch max | 110175 | 86174 | -24001 (-21.8%) |
| getCommitment min | 2873 | 947 | -1926 (-67.0%) |
| getCommitment mean | 4206 | 2280 | -1926 (-45.8%) |
| getCommitment median | 4873 | 2947 | -1926 (-39.5%) |
| getCommitment max | 4873 | 2947 | -1926 (-39.5%) |
| getMatch min | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch mean | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch median | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch max | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatchCycle min | 4635 | 1598 | -3037 (-65.5%) |
| getMatchCycle mean | 4635 | 1598 | -3037 (-65.5%) |
| getMatchCycle median | 4635 | 1598 | -3037 (-65.5%) |
| getMatchCycle max | 4635 | 1598 | -3037 (-65.5%) |
| innerTournamentWinner min | 2780 | 484 | -2296 (-82.6%) |
| innerTournamentWinner mean | 6096 | 3164 | -2932 (-48.1%) |
| innerTournamentWinner median | 5255 | 2004 | -3251 (-61.9%) |
| innerTournamentWinner max | 10398 | 7028 | -3370 (-32.4%) |
| joinTournament min | 126990 | 106599 | -20391 (-16.1%) |
| joinTournament mean | 179290 | 152067 | -27223 (-15.2%) |
| joinTournament median | 126990 | 106599 | -20391 (-16.1%) |
| joinTournament max | 244684 | 208921 | -35763 (-14.6%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament min | 3684535 | 1636609 | -2047926 (-55.6%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament mean | 3694795 | 1639168 | -2055627 (-55.6%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament median | 3684535 | 1636609 | -2047926 (-55.6%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament max | 3715315 | 1644286 | -2071029 (-55.7%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants min | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants mean | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants median | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants max | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| winMatchByTimeout min | 54751 | 41442 | -13309 (-24.3%) |
| winMatchByTimeout mean | 70684 | 54333 | -16351 (-23.1%) |
| winMatchByTimeout median | 70684 | 54333 | -16351 (-23.1%) |
| winMatchByTimeout max | 86617 | 67225 | -19392 (-22.4%) |

### SingleLevelTournament

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment size | 18705 | 8009 | -10696 (-57.2%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants min | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants mean | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants median | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants max | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |

### TopTournament

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment size | 20000 | 8704 | -11296 (-56.5%) |
| advanceMatch min | 88192 | 65145 | -23047 (-26.1%) |
| advanceMatch mean | 90197 | 66878 | -23319 (-25.9%) |
| advanceMatch median | 88936 | 65889 | -23047 (-25.9%) |
| advanceMatch max | 110175 | 86174 | -24001 (-21.8%) |
| arbitrationResult min | 2855 | 616 | -2239 (-78.4%) |
| arbitrationResult mean | 3994 | 1253 | -2741 (-68.6%) |
| arbitrationResult median | 3974 | 1084 | -2890 (-72.7%) |
| arbitrationResult max | 5974 | 3084 | -2890 (-48.4%) |
| canWinMatchByTimeout min | 4847 | 1165 | -3682 (-76.0%) |
| canWinMatchByTimeout mean | 5217 | 1235 | -3982 (-76.3%) |
| canWinMatchByTimeout median | 5403 | 1271 | -4132 (-76.5%) |
| canWinMatchByTimeout max | 5403 | 1271 | -4132 (-76.5%) |
| eliminateMatchByTimeout min | 57939 | 43044 | -14895 (-25.7%) |
| eliminateMatchByTimeout mean | 59545 | 45103 | -14442 (-24.3%) |
| eliminateMatchByTimeout median | 59545 | 45103 | -14442 (-24.3%) |
| eliminateMatchByTimeout max | 61151 | 47163 | -13988 (-22.9%) |
| getCommitment min | 2851 | 925 | -1926 (-67.6%) |
| getCommitment mean | 2851 | 925 | -1926 (-67.6%) |
| getCommitment median | 2851 | 925 | -1926 (-67.6%) |
| getCommitment max | 2851 | 925 | -1926 (-67.6%) |
| getMatch min | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch mean | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch median | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch max | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatchCycle min | 4613 | 1576 | -3037 (-65.8%) |
| getMatchCycle mean | 4613 | 1576 | -3037 (-65.8%) |
| getMatchCycle median | 4613 | 1576 | -3037 (-65.8%) |
| getMatchCycle max | 4613 | 1576 | -3037 (-65.8%) |
| joinTournament min | 173444 | 133580 | -39864 (-23.0%) |
| joinTournament mean | 232176 | 184744 | -47432 (-20.4%) |
| joinTournament median | 232166 | 184734 | -47432 (-20.4%) |
| joinTournament max | 290912 | 235913 | -54999 (-18.9%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament min | 3954625 | 1787673 | -2166952 (-54.8%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament mean | 3978533 | 1794361 | -2184172 (-54.9%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament median | 3954625 | 1787673 | -2166952 (-54.8%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament max | 4038306 | 1811081 | -2227225 (-55.2%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants min | 925 | 403 | -522 (-56.4%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants mean | 925 | 403 | -522 (-56.4%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants median | 925 | 403 | -522 (-56.4%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants max | 925 | 403 | -522 (-56.4%) |
| winInnerMatch min | 96179 | 77762 | -18417 (-19.1%) |
| winInnerMatch mean | 96293 | 77781 | -18512 (-19.2%) |
| winInnerMatch median | 96293 | 77781 | -18512 (-19.2%) |
| winInnerMatch max | 96408 | 77800 | -18608 (-19.3%) |
| winMatchByTimeout min | 84331 | 66774 | -17557 (-20.8%) |
| winMatchByTimeout mean | 85479 | 67004 | -18475 (-21.6%) |
| winMatchByTimeout median | 85479 | 67004 | -18475 (-21.6%) |
| winMatchByTimeout max | 86627 | 67235 | -19392 (-22.4%) |

### MultiLevelTournamentFactory

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 807102 | 431096 | -376006 (-46.6%) |
| Deployment size | 4207 | 2165 | -2042 (-48.5%) |
| instantiate min | 3772108 | 1638803 | -2133305 (-56.6%) |
| instantiate mean | 3772108 | 1638803 | -2133305 (-56.6%) |
| instantiate median | 3772108 | 1638803 | -2133305 (-56.6%) |
| instantiate max | 3772108 | 1638803 | -2133305 (-56.6%) |
| instantiateTop min | 3770793 | 1637820 | -2132973 (-56.6%) |
| instantiateTop mean | 3770793 | 1637820 | -2132973 (-56.6%) |
| instantiateTop median | 3770793 | 1637820 | -2132973 (-56.6%) |
| instantiateTop max | 3770793 | 1637820 | -2132973 (-56.6%) |

### SingleLevelTournamentFactory

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 4436183 | 1915943 | -2520240 (-56.8%) |
| Deployment size | 20943 | 9044 | -11899 (-56.8%) |
| instantiate min | 3503248 | 1496147 | -2007101 (-57.3%) |
| instantiate mean | 3503248 | 1496147 | -2007101 (-57.3%) |
| instantiate median | 3503248 | 1496147 | -2007101 (-57.3%) |
| instantiate max | 3503248 | 1496147 | -2007101 (-57.3%) |

### ExternalTime

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 91586 | 39708 | -51878 (-56.6%) |
| Deployment size | 504 | 226 | -278 (-55.2%) |
| sub min | 953 | 241 | -712 (-74.7%) |
| sub mean | 953 | 241 | -712 (-74.7%) |
| sub median | 953 | 241 | -712 (-74.7%) |
| sub max | 953 | 241 | -712 (-74.7%) |

### ExternalMatch

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 1156053 | 353614 | -802439 (-69.4%) |
| Deployment size | 5823 | 1798 | -4025 (-69.1%) |
| requireEq min | 1034 | 259 | -775 (-75.0%) |
| requireEq mean | 1034 | 259 | -775 (-75.0%) |
| requireEq median | 1034 | 259 | -775 (-75.0%) |
| requireEq max | 1034 | 259 | -775 (-75.0%) |

Commit message:

Add header to gas reports with gasdiff version

example/diff.md, after:

# Gas report diff
_This report was generated by [gasdiff 0.2.0](https://pypi.org/project/gasdiff/0.2.0/)_

### CanonicalTournamentParametersProvider

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 400918 | 152823 | -248095 (-61.9%) |
| Deployment size | 1652 | 486 | -1166 (-70.6%) |
| tournamentParameters min | 5817 | 1037 | -4780 (-82.2%) |
| tournamentParameters mean | 5817 | 1037 | -4780 (-82.2%) |
| tournamentParameters median | 5817 | 1037 | -4780 (-82.2%) |
| tournamentParameters max | 5817 | 1037 | -4780 (-82.2%) |

### CartesiStateTransition

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 1095214 | 424627 | -670587 (-61.2%) |
| Deployment size | 5286 | 1944 | -3342 (-63.2%) |
| transitionState mean | 10015 | 3374 | -6641 (-66.3%) |
| transitionState median | 9702 | 3199 | -6503 (-67.0%) |
| transitionState max | 14041 | 4683 | -9358 (-66.6%) |

### CmioStateTransition

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 2008459 | 778802 | -1229657 (-61.2%) |
| Deployment size | 9093 | 3383 | -5710 (-62.8%) |

### RiscVStateTransition

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 5020057 | 2370862 | -2649195 (-52.8%) |
| Deployment size | 23018 | 10749 | -12269 (-53.3%) |

### BottomTournament

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment size | 19433 | 8671 | -10762 (-55.4%) |
| advanceMatch min | 88192 | 65145 | -23047 (-26.1%) |
| advanceMatch mean | 90503 | 67138 | -23365 (-25.8%) |
| advanceMatch median | 88936 | 65889 | -23047 (-25.9%) |
| advanceMatch max | 110187 | 86186 | -24001 (-21.8%) |
| getMatch min | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch mean | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch median | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch max | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatchCycle min | 4657 | 1620 | -3037 (-65.2%) |
| getMatchCycle mean | 4657 | 1620 | -3037 (-65.2%) |
| getMatchCycle median | 4657 | 1620 | -3037 (-65.2%) |
| getMatchCycle max | 4657 | 1620 | -3037 (-65.2%) |
| joinTournament min | 141941 | 115290 | -26651 (-18.8%) |
| joinTournament mean | 200794 | 166457 | -34337 (-17.1%) |
| joinTournament median | 200790 | 166453 | -34337 (-17.1%) |
| joinTournament max | 259651 | 217628 | -42023 (-16.2%) |
| sealLeafMatch min | 99516 | 72085 | -27431 (-27.6%) |
| sealLeafMatch mean | 115163 | 76035 | -39128 (-34.0%) |
| sealLeafMatch median | 99516 | 72085 | -27431 (-27.6%) |
| sealLeafMatch max | 146458 | 83935 | -62523 (-42.7%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants min | 969 | 447 | -522 (-53.9%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants mean | 969 | 447 | -522 (-53.9%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants median | 969 | 447 | -522 (-53.9%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants max | 969 | 447 | -522 (-53.9%) |
| winLeafMatch min | 61788 | 45167 | -16621 (-26.9%) |
| winLeafMatch mean | 83882 | 64337 | -19545 (-23.3%) |
| winLeafMatch median | 93344 | 72680 | -20664 (-22.1%) |
| winLeafMatch max | 96514 | 75164 | -21350 (-22.1%) |

### MiddleTournament

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment size | 20728 | 9366 | -11362 (-54.8%) |
| advanceMatch min | 88180 | 65133 | -23047 (-26.1%) |
| advanceMatch mean | 90614 | 67249 | -23365 (-25.8%) |
| advanceMatch median | 88924 | 65877 | -23047 (-25.9%) |
| advanceMatch max | 110175 | 86174 | -24001 (-21.8%) |
| getCommitment min | 2873 | 947 | -1926 (-67.0%) |
| getCommitment mean | 4206 | 2280 | -1926 (-45.8%) |
| getCommitment median | 4873 | 2947 | -1926 (-39.5%) |
| getCommitment max | 4873 | 2947 | -1926 (-39.5%) |
| getMatch min | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch mean | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch median | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch max | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatchCycle min | 4635 | 1598 | -3037 (-65.5%) |
| getMatchCycle mean | 4635 | 1598 | -3037 (-65.5%) |
| getMatchCycle median | 4635 | 1598 | -3037 (-65.5%) |
| getMatchCycle max | 4635 | 1598 | -3037 (-65.5%) |
| innerTournamentWinner min | 2780 | 484 | -2296 (-82.6%) |
| innerTournamentWinner mean | 6096 | 3164 | -2932 (-48.1%) |
| innerTournamentWinner median | 5255 | 2004 | -3251 (-61.9%) |
| innerTournamentWinner max | 10398 | 7028 | -3370 (-32.4%) |
| joinTournament min | 126990 | 106599 | -20391 (-16.1%) |
| joinTournament mean | 179290 | 152067 | -27223 (-15.2%) |
| joinTournament median | 126990 | 106599 | -20391 (-16.1%) |
| joinTournament max | 244684 | 208921 | -35763 (-14.6%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament min | 3684535 | 1636609 | -2047926 (-55.6%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament mean | 3694795 | 1639168 | -2055627 (-55.6%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament median | 3684535 | 1636609 | -2047926 (-55.6%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament max | 3715315 | 1644286 | -2071029 (-55.7%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants min | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants mean | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants median | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants max | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| winMatchByTimeout min | 54751 | 41442 | -13309 (-24.3%) |
| winMatchByTimeout mean | 70684 | 54333 | -16351 (-23.1%) |
| winMatchByTimeout median | 70684 | 54333 | -16351 (-23.1%) |
| winMatchByTimeout max | 86617 | 67225 | -19392 (-22.4%) |

### SingleLevelTournament

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment size | 18705 | 8009 | -10696 (-57.2%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants min | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants mean | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants median | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants max | 947 | 425 | -522 (-55.1%) |

### TopTournament

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment size | 20000 | 8704 | -11296 (-56.5%) |
| advanceMatch min | 88192 | 65145 | -23047 (-26.1%) |
| advanceMatch mean | 90197 | 66878 | -23319 (-25.9%) |
| advanceMatch median | 88936 | 65889 | -23047 (-25.9%) |
| advanceMatch max | 110175 | 86174 | -24001 (-21.8%) |
| arbitrationResult min | 2855 | 616 | -2239 (-78.4%) |
| arbitrationResult mean | 3994 | 1253 | -2741 (-68.6%) |
| arbitrationResult median | 3974 | 1084 | -2890 (-72.7%) |
| arbitrationResult max | 5974 | 3084 | -2890 (-48.4%) |
| canWinMatchByTimeout min | 4847 | 1165 | -3682 (-76.0%) |
| canWinMatchByTimeout mean | 5217 | 1235 | -3982 (-76.3%) |
| canWinMatchByTimeout median | 5403 | 1271 | -4132 (-76.5%) |
| canWinMatchByTimeout max | 5403 | 1271 | -4132 (-76.5%) |
| eliminateMatchByTimeout min | 57939 | 43044 | -14895 (-25.7%) |
| eliminateMatchByTimeout mean | 59545 | 45103 | -14442 (-24.3%) |
| eliminateMatchByTimeout median | 59545 | 45103 | -14442 (-24.3%) |
| eliminateMatchByTimeout max | 61151 | 47163 | -13988 (-22.9%) |
| getCommitment min | 2851 | 925 | -1926 (-67.6%) |
| getCommitment mean | 2851 | 925 | -1926 (-67.6%) |
| getCommitment median | 2851 | 925 | -1926 (-67.6%) |
| getCommitment max | 2851 | 925 | -1926 (-67.6%) |
| getMatch min | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch mean | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch median | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatch max | 4555 | 1686 | -2869 (-63.0%) |
| getMatchCycle min | 4613 | 1576 | -3037 (-65.8%) |
| getMatchCycle mean | 4613 | 1576 | -3037 (-65.8%) |
| getMatchCycle median | 4613 | 1576 | -3037 (-65.8%) |
| getMatchCycle max | 4613 | 1576 | -3037 (-65.8%) |
| joinTournament min | 173444 | 133580 | -39864 (-23.0%) |
| joinTournament mean | 232176 | 184744 | -47432 (-20.4%) |
| joinTournament median | 232166 | 184734 | -47432 (-20.4%) |
| joinTournament max | 290912 | 235913 | -54999 (-18.9%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament min | 3954625 | 1787673 | -2166952 (-54.8%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament mean | 3978533 | 1794361 | -2184172 (-54.9%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament median | 3954625 | 1787673 | -2166952 (-54.8%) |
| sealInnerMatchAndCreateInnerTournament max | 4038306 | 1811081 | -2227225 (-55.2%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants min | 925 | 403 | -522 (-56.4%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants mean | 925 | 403 | -522 (-56.4%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants median | 925 | 403 | -522 (-56.4%) |
| tournamentLevelConstants max | 925 | 403 | -522 (-56.4%) |
| winInnerMatch min | 96179 | 77762 | -18417 (-19.1%) |
| winInnerMatch mean | 96293 | 77781 | -18512 (-19.2%) |
| winInnerMatch median | 96293 | 77781 | -18512 (-19.2%) |
| winInnerMatch max | 96408 | 77800 | -18608 (-19.3%) |
| winMatchByTimeout min | 84331 | 66774 | -17557 (-20.8%) |
| winMatchByTimeout mean | 85479 | 67004 | -18475 (-21.6%) |
| winMatchByTimeout median | 85479 | 67004 | -18475 (-21.6%) |
| winMatchByTimeout max | 86627 | 67235 | -19392 (-22.4%) |

### MultiLevelTournamentFactory

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 807102 | 431096 | -376006 (-46.6%) |
| Deployment size | 4207 | 2165 | -2042 (-48.5%) |
| instantiate min | 3772108 | 1638803 | -2133305 (-56.6%) |
| instantiate mean | 3772108 | 1638803 | -2133305 (-56.6%) |
| instantiate median | 3772108 | 1638803 | -2133305 (-56.6%) |
| instantiate max | 3772108 | 1638803 | -2133305 (-56.6%) |
| instantiateTop min | 3770793 | 1637820 | -2132973 (-56.6%) |
| instantiateTop mean | 3770793 | 1637820 | -2132973 (-56.6%) |
| instantiateTop median | 3770793 | 1637820 | -2132973 (-56.6%) |
| instantiateTop max | 3770793 | 1637820 | -2132973 (-56.6%) |

### SingleLevelTournamentFactory

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 4436183 | 1915943 | -2520240 (-56.8%) |
| Deployment size | 20943 | 9044 | -11899 (-56.8%) |
| instantiate min | 3503248 | 1496147 | -2007101 (-57.3%) |
| instantiate mean | 3503248 | 1496147 | -2007101 (-57.3%) |
| instantiate median | 3503248 | 1496147 | -2007101 (-57.3%) |
| instantiate max | 3503248 | 1496147 | -2007101 (-57.3%) |

### ExternalTime

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 91586 | 39708 | -51878 (-56.6%) |
| Deployment size | 504 | 226 | -278 (-55.2%) |
| sub min | 953 | 241 | -712 (-74.7%) |
| sub mean | 953 | 241 | -712 (-74.7%) |
| sub median | 953 | 241 | -712 (-74.7%) |
| sub max | 953 | 241 | -712 (-74.7%) |

### ExternalMatch

| Metric | Before | After | Difference |
| - | - | - | - |
| Deployment gas | 1156053 | 353614 | -802439 (-69.4%) |
| Deployment size | 5823 | 1798 | -4025 (-69.1%) |
| requireEq min | 1034 | 259 | -775 (-75.0%) |
| requireEq mean | 1034 | 259 | -775 (-75.0%) |
| requireEq median | 1034 | 259 | -775 (-75.0%) |
| requireEq max | 1034 | 259 | -775 (-75.0%) |
